Dear Professional ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 53 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 200% and use credit cards on your website 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . We beseech you - 
act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2016 ; Title 5 , Section 304 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 46 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & how many 
people you know are on the Internet . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
process your orders within seconds and increase customer 
response by 140% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of South Carolina 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Decision maker ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our club . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 7 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 29 weeks . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Jones of California tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks . 